


26/12/19 20:42 (2) 

  

Who will hold our unity today? We take turns, unwillingly. I've been saying i feel fragile lately but there is a portal, a purple and green one, it is fragile in its greens (dreams) and delicate in its purples, like something we know... like well tended gardens inside steamy soup of soft potato starch flavors. No need for a key, it's open! A shout to the window and a pack of street cats, i walk the street while they play with a stone. Mild stoners under pink taxi flower blankets laughing Christmas away air conditioned, very dry, so we compensate. White light 
blast of wind 
sea salt and macho shield, i already feel better... therapy. Your nail polish, our main character 
a package for two coffees. Everyone has the right to move. Moving on, take it from the top, from the tip of your blue sky nail, cash and carry 
no rush - it is just a code. Are you on line? In line with your feelings? Clothes line and flowery vanilla smells, must be cheap, so i go inside. There are three models. Where are you going with this? Well, i think they have working pants. And that's hot. Do you wanna ask? Next stop coming soon, who will step into our intrigue? Or will it slowly empty out, leaving a cold porcelain-white lonely bathtub? No foam. What is really foam made of? Or not really... convince me lightly with credible fake facts. It is something hidden at first but it is there, already. It doesn't wait, it moves. It is stimulated. By the eye without danger? Which eye is that? Never met. 

  

  

27/12/19 22:32 (2) 

  

Today it is my head, far away 
all the stars wrinkle and hide 
pocket and stone 
low launch rocket 
trekking in the dark, like everyday. All the missiles somewhere, screen lit up face, where all the action must be happening... disconnected blue-brown-yellow wire 
sea dragon 
water and fire bombs on a timer 
beep beep beep. Sugar coating 'cause you can't eat sugar, so you coat yourself for all to see. Do people eat sugar here? I don't mind a sweat white cube, i don't mind cream cheese 
salt crust 
as long as melting agrees. On top, uneven surfaces make it hard to see, the sharp ones are easy to read but they don't melt nor agree. Cold hearts beat 
chance operation failed 
beep beep beep 
do you copy? I turn on the lights trying to tell you 
beep slash beep 
you turn off the AC by opening the door
drop drop drop. It's the clothes, jeans take a lot of time to dry - but then again who washes their shield? I'm not working at the car wash honey, only in the summer 
no jeans 
a great small car 
a permanent view 
a land without addresses 
only one road. How will you receive my post card? It's like the missiles, i don't know where they headed but i see them flying and i can't catch up. If only i had met you pc doctor, we would make it stop. Or is this the play you built that amphitheater to watch? Yes before you come change outfits, black doesn't suit you, or me, so if it's us your missile is aiming at 
and you start dancing 
and you too turn around 
ask at the bar individuals 
and packs start to arrive. I see my postcard 
off season 
uneven filled balls of icy colourful tubes 
birthday candles one to nine 
all combinations possible but tomorrow 
have you perceived our gift? Back tracking 
power play 
press stop at the purple 
dream ice cream off course 
is your mouth filled with saliva too? Can my finger aid that production? Food elements are key 
atmospheric propellers 
what did you eat? Never mind i might just freeze 
spa aesthetics for sale 
jacuzzi fat bubbles 

  

  

28/12/2019 21:59 (2) 

  

Blasts of AC soundtracking capsule, 
watery green 
wind blown 
blanket, i feel better already. A belly button piercing: a hole to be. Light purple caress on top of a very clean table top, mucous hydration 
sound cleavage 
soft cell gelatin 
this lamp has pearls. High tech friends gather by the pure water station: tank is full, welcome to use. Increasing wetness quality coated by rice sheets, it was cold so the sauce became gooey. Beetroot stained Eminem on the shelf, i got an orthodox calendar. He was cute, he had the piercing i like, what do you say? Heavy pancakes 
mountain goats 
open the window 
that will already do: much. Are your eyes kissing, top and bottom? Slowly closing there's an aperture, it reads: rent a car. Light struck by the convenience store, trekking in contra-luz i hear nothing just dill in the nose, who is experimental music now? Beetroot soup 
i don't think i can drive and talk 
reverse osmosis 
do you see? All we exchange is hello. Look! It's pink. Let me in it's raining outside all we do is us. Goat proof plants reaching out for the wind with no intention to leave; tied palm tree with many intentions to live, she's watching us over the napperon curtains. Off season notice board, announcements of the end of the world - postponed until next summer. Babe it's happening already. There are no missiles in the water, this silence could not hold their passing through. Clothes line, we're washing... I can't believe it's 24 degrees in here, but the air sure is dry. Voxson and Turbox fell asleep, Avra can't wait to be turned on. 

  

  

  

30/12/2019 6:19 (2) 

  

Ring the garlic bell, call all the ravers to the front deck. Reflective lights
improvised swimming areas 
tell them to leave the stones in their pockets 
park with your feet 
great skills come with habit 
olive trees on a date, a life made of habits 
tell them to cover all the signs 
olive paste, brushing against the skin like something we know. Grabbing a bunch of orange fur purr, scoop a hand of caress. Tuned track you choose, too early to go back to sleep. AM/FM riding on concrete, MTF, using paint that will never dry. Successfully excavated, everything through which air moves is a flute. Do you hear? Do you mind? The car plays the mountain, new track with a view. All the creatures join the movement, since before writing because before writing we used to sing. Against the dogs in favour of flowers. The temperature tower bears several drums, silently they announce that the boat isn't coming. Austere rocks and two small pebbles, solidified in a crust of sea salt. By the temperature tower moving lights taste like rain, taste like a soft armpit 
as they slowly turn on the studio light 
as they rapidly descend towards my mouth. How could sky open up and agree? A fortune cookie, a cheap treasure from another dimension, three dimensionally constructed by memory. Truck swings, will my body remember the wind? Nail polish stink 
high on connectivity 
a three man army filling up glass cups 
arriving at the roundabout ready to meet, could you tell? 
bread crumbs 
improvised eating areas 
colourful candy from afar 
a toothless smile 
pic nik with a K 
announcing the instalment of habit. That could be us blinking in the distance settled on stone, in the open, fed by cactus soup: holding water is key. Special features shared with the land and transparent pee. Curing our sight with magic mushrooms, for how long will the lights stay on? Who gets to decide the beginning of the day? Not me. 

  

  

7:15 (2) 

  

I could easily drive tomorrow away, no rush. And no pressure. Aided by the wind, where is the water going? In its permanent wetness does it know or is it coatable? The water replies 
drop drop drop 
All the water is the same, one large body of moving stillness endangered by precarious heat. Thin line pebble game. How would you call a mountain dolphin? Not me. How would you know it's your turn to decide? Put on the forth speed and let it go, soon you will think of nothing else. There is something special about telecommunications: there is a flower, the biggest in the world, the size of a forest, creeping through every hole - the water replies. There is something about the weather, how you can talk about it for so long and with anybody, as a universal pacifier. The air is all the same, so how can you feel so unique? 
Spaceship materiology 
small talk diploma 
everyone agrees. When you ring the flower bell take care of its stalk, notice the lemon and how it runs. It's just a code, memorize the 4 digits, in three days everyone will be nice. The air-bag light is on and i'm a great driver anyway. Solar panel fields, technology plantation. Note: a honk, hello. Another circle. Seven small beeps followed by one long beep, an emergency. Scratch my eye for me, i will imagine it works. Getting used to the island 
three leggy dog 
what's your favorite drug? 
green house restaurant 
delicious steamy food 
sauna feeling 
your fingers in my mouth or mine dipped in aubergine, no sex at the table while the grandmother is around, do you copy? I forgot we might have to go back, probably through where we came from. Telefone operator, tell me, who is available at this time? Do you have a yellow car? What's up with all the gates? Guide me to paradise beach, no touching. Is this like a very dangerous route? 

  

18:13 (2) 

  

You connect easily and attach hardly - you are such an enduring professional! Salt water tree, it's OK, it's very far from the ocean - a different sort of quality. Rock pile, freaks around, bay we're watching. Ice cream struck wreck
infinite salad 
a job with a view 
a jaw for a banana 
chewy street slang. Two Philippine brothers at the mouth of the u-bahn. A handful of candy, two stops so far. An A class long distance house hold utilities romance. Blue road 
the water replies: slash slash slash 
a distressed kiss is nothing else but now. Drunken waves straight edge fish. Foam, loads of it, again, against your bare back and my gasping anonymity 
remember the honk and turn at the signal. An ass of working pants, the candles crowning the road and we're fine, right here is... odorless suspicion without coverage nor guilt. Is this pure teenage thought? A blast from the past, plastic animals on an earing hanging from car mirrors - too fun to drive. Thirsty site along the horizon. 

  

01/01/2020 17:36 (2) 

  

This huge rock we're standing on - stone resting on water. Are you in the mood?
drop drop 
on the cracks, can you type? Blew blue, blue road: what were you? And how did i respond, to your distressed kiss? I bend down trying to understand, what are you? And why is the music so loud? Using my hands, my nose, searching for your name. On the other side of the mountain we hide, not hiding. Those two seem to have forgotten what natural could mean 
too outside 
off context: like water like portals like the plastic bag full of dark greens i'm looking at, struggling to fit. Overloading my mouth. A leaf scratching my cheek as i chew, friendly cuts i will sew it up with pink. Pink purple super power, no one seems to wear these. When you search for shelter 
one shade lighter 
belly button of the moon 
one piercing now hiding 
must be because of the cold or teenage hood. Three leaf clovers showered in yellow: being unlucky is not a thing, just another sort of quality. Like pink instead of blue or vice versa. Like small instead of big or now instead of never. He had the piercing you like but she left the working pants home. He had the hands i've heard about and the unavailability we're all wandering around. Shared decisions 
three second check in 
all around the world, never after 12. The first day - how are you gonna get down? Again. If my eyes can get used to the light, what's bothering you? We can always extend to a flesh-light, cheating simply. Or there would be no game. We never got hurt, physically. There will always be something with your body, something else but now. All the windows 
windmills and fragrant hybrids 
naturally everything that happens can be. Where do all the sensations go, once sensated? And what is the plural of one? Is it stored in my chest? Or in the place where my chest was before all this wind? I don't want answers, honestly. Just to make you closer. As they sat her by the water we have to wonder what is it that she wants. Blue road coming up soon. No next stop on the moon calendar. No poetry without harsh conditions: will my chest survive to this operation? Moving elements are key. Gambling with all seems perfect, everywhere there is a lack for something, you know? If it gets used to our presence, it will make a bed for us, it is only gravity, try it. It's nothing one can do but trust. Thrusting into welcoming cracks i come closer to the circle of speaking water, wetness being my affinity. It reads, continuously. Apply abundantly, and repeat if necessary. 

  

  

06/01/2020 13:21 (2) 

  

Rest your head, between the power sockets. Rest your tongue before you speak. You are here, after all carefully curated locations. Black-brown fur repels water, according to the dictionary. A library of archived miscommunication. Transparent green car color, how can you choose? Collect availability 
hat for three 
loud speak 
no flaps for sharing 
hunting basement 
fermented clay soup 
flower tea 
edible talk. Stalking across, will you step out of my dreams? Light ranting karaoke TV. By the end everyone can scream: it's over! We go out, our bag is bluer than the sky and everyone on this square seems to know it, too. Would you... we have to go. Stay warm, stay cool. What's up with the palm trees? Adjustment for every season. Mandarin loving clementine: what's your hairdresser name? Is that a post box? And does that make this an address? Crossdressers waiting for the water to boil 
brain squad 
one missing pearl 
element ground TV 
olfactive warnings and soundless cuisine. Before thinking in peaks researching terminology. Badly nourished looking date, it boils my fantasies. Off topic commentary 
transparent food 
visible desire 
how much variety can one spoon entail? Cheap apartments under feeling's names. 

  

14:01 (2) 

  

Everything at once, inside my mouth 
smoke 
juice 
but one spice at the time... will my stomach survive this operation? Waiting room is fun. Tell me, camera operator: how's the light, today? Should I adjust settings? All these boxes and I'm shoeless, not now I mean today. Salt crusts over my eye - memory is a thing. Cheap philosophy on traffic light, going or not going. Expensive piles of stones. I use the white towel to wipe my ass, it's OK the rule is no make up. Wet glean hurricane borrow meteorology 
neo bio aesthetics 
transparent fixing tape. Hurry hurry no shame, chemical products must be in the way. Keep the keys but give me my phone. 

  

07/01/2020 15:18 (2) 

  

Maybe we can stage a scene: sliding scale, varying degrees of fortunes. Example: open ended foundations. 
Olive wall 
bougainvillea basket. A very flexible type of wood, before a prize for honey. Premium subscription 
travelling light over water 
mineralization of futures - counting pits between stones sliding scarf over the stones. One by one we go, observing alien movement. Sameness at the price of discounted connections. Awaiting connector by the end of the sentence. A different common denominator: all the plants stay outside, all the plans fail to ride. Invest soft strokes 
bite second 
bring me to tears. There is something about travelling, how you don't glance so much into the mirror. At the bar i wonder how my face looks like without cue. The arms are soy bean sprouts invested on the trunk unwatered. A large pound for growing disaster, a large management for small food. Dominant bellies unpierced. Blue looks good on my skin, pink look good on its fur. On the zodiac colour advice yellow is the warmest colour. Who suits who, who holds the leash today? Am i walking you? Rich oils 
sanding paper for skin 
sweat 
apple colour bones; you asked and they said: yes, no worries. Or something. Brushing against the clock, like every day. Postponing to learn the game or to admit we won't go home together tonight. Shining bright in the distance, is the ticket you own valid for this ride? Rice cracker breakfast, a list of what's extremely there. Four leave clove, our main character, missing of course in all our plays scripted, off course, like something we know. All things being equal, the street is empty and so i slide my tongue along the way. Unsharp scissors 
a shoe and glue 
very quick 
overnight, just to be sure. Everyone speaks qualities understating questions nobody asks. So i let you talk because i've been saying i feel fragile, lately. And because the warmth of smoke beats the harshness of facts. There's no unknown facts, right? 'Listen' is the beginning of the monolog our minds easily forget. One ended availability, who dropped the first seed? They will never know i paid for tea. 

  

  

07/01/2020 16:03 (2) 

  

Street and houseplants all angry at the mechanic, if you don't wanna write that's fine. We can pick up where we left from. Moving backwards they could never foresee... the cats like us but the people don't. Moved by green aesthetics 'unbore me' says the view. City clementines 
indoor climate change 
hosted by triangle seats 
turning pyramids to cakes. There are too many screens, it's the celebration of global disconnection. Point your arms forward and breathe deeply 
hold the rubber band firmly 
move your tongue, it's ok 
non-sense day 
bordered up 
rationality is a man's thing, anyway. Tax free, a honk beyond the point of no return 
sexy ethics 
political incorrectness 
spy on the closest passenger 
a visible face fading out misery. How can you put an ass in an envelope? Who will hold my bottom today? Express delivery funneling vortex 
underlined words red green yellow, no pink 
dolphin transportation 
a dark blanket of clouds -   

  

17:37 (2) 

  

We didn't talk about numbers, you know, that's not our kind of conversation. Soft grey hued anarchism, do you know where we are? The heat coming out, my ears. A sign coming out the wall. Coming out is never easy. Jumping suicide. How many stars do you see? Coordinated legs moves 
exaggerated eye contact 
breath suspension while feeling the muscles. Here and there we share habits. Lay down on the matt - you say we never meet in public spaces. I'd rather scroll down your chest, making a turn on the armpit while you find my belly button. Synchronized perversities 
dance moves on the matt 
underwater currency: 'now let's do a flow' pretending to speak the language, to know what's going on 
memory for punctuation 
brain piercing 
smaller glass shots: measurements 
no fair division. Pink coloured bags: re-center location. I turn the compass to you and let you loose the keys to control. Five lighters at the price of three, information tower, tell me: how steep is the way? Slurping sounds of pleasure, rudeness is not a thing. A high overpass 
the sound of nothing. Note number now, a poster a film and the smell. You are never loosing, missing is a part of gaming. Fewer lesser conjugations make a song easier to hear. On your forehead I read sun spots and I'm hungry too, limping away. 

  

08/01/2020 16:19 (2) 

  

Surveilled ruins but first lets take in, all but the body parts accounting to sexiness, according to other than legislation. On the lesbian kiosk grammar by the cent 
a fridge color 
an illegal trash pick-up, transported over the hill this boat was pulled by rope and a material yet to see. Athletics of power - all the bugs got killed in the way, anyway who can deal with disaster? Stones and buildings look the same under the sun, says the mechanical eye? The best view of the century happens at the very ground level. Minty lipstick chain smoking kiss, i would lick off the non-vegan left overs on your teeth. Inhaled disaster 
proof read compilation 
unsustainable law of attraction. Look what i bought! And look what i found! Pools of solar panels, bet against the clouds. The AC replies 
drop drop splash. Dealing pressures was never easy. All the heat stuck on the upper part of the room. Uninteresting formations 
the decay breaks 
rose water dropping down the nipple, not any nipple but this. The third eye on a holiday, the space between us is blue. Mountain range dilemma 
droplets guide the way, since you can't eat bread 
i will lick your feet. Delicious spider rolls 
missing opening hours 
empty dining table, or rather table. For no one in particular can hold the opportunity. Lacking is not a thing. Shriveled hands on a date, sharp nails awake your body temperature. Cast of love, i don't want to hire you 
throw something in the middle, like correspondence. New born availability 
sun set shots burning your throat track. Time is a human condition. Allowing for the last four percent... maybe next time. 

  

08/01/2020 around dinner time (2) 

  

Lube up your nostrils and stop pretending you're into stuff you can't see. Massage the melon in the bowl 
a future is ahead you think 
car honks and collateral vibrations 
sizzling patatas bravas 
suck on this fragmented reality, rave off apathy. Support leaning stalks. Do you know what's an Alocasia? You know it needs feeding, right? Pull on my sleave but pause at the pole. Books were never it, it was more the nail polish on the page. W thinks in wiping-wallets terms. Will the cops take my house shoes? Not the astronaut boots, please! Sci-fi in the 21st century is so low-tech... i wonder what they're like on E. Or excited, in general. Shaved off side burns 
tear down the window blinds 
half bent desire high on hunger, no games. If that's OK? Canons inclination hold a declination 
i don't remember the last time the ground was parallel to a line we picture at earth's core. Asphalt against sky, balcony against whose gonna stain my sports jacket? How's the sports in the clouds? I ask the tower operator. Does the ball bounce or fall? Three dimension is bullshit 
a multimedia happening 
a full-on spectrum. A party only goes three places: the fourth, your room, the last stop of the cycle. Boys are dumb. 





















